abci: update app version on EndBlock (#4225)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### IMPROVEMENTS:

> - [abci] [\#4225](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/issues/3007) Add VersionParams in ResponseEndBlock to allow the app inform Tendermint its updated version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [abci] \#2671 Add Version in ConsensusParams to allow the app inform Tendermint its updated version
```
